Roast Sweet Potato Wedges (makes 12 wedges, ready in 30 minutes)

The trick to making greate roasted sweet potatoes without oil is to steam them before you put them in the oven.
This pre-cooking step makes the wedges tender, not chewy.

2 medium sweet potatoes (1 1/2 lb), peeled and cut lengthwise into 6 wedges
1 tsp granulated garlic
1/2 tsp ground cumin
1/2 tsp chili powder
1/4 tsp sea salt
1/2 tsp freshly ground black pepper

1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Line a large baking sheet pan with parchment paper, Place potato wedges in a steamer basket 
in a large saucepan. Add water to saucepan just below basket. Bring to a boil. Steam covered for 7 minutes or until just tender.
2. Arrange potato wedges on the prepared baking sheet in a single layer. In a small bowl, stir together the remaining ingredients. 
Sprinkle spice mixture over potato wedges.
3. Roast 15 to 20 minutes or until browned and tender, turning once halfway through to cooking. Serve hot

-----------------------

Tapioca Pudding

1 can light coconut milk
1/3 cup quick Tapioca
3/4 cup non-dairy milk
1/4 cup maple syrup
Pinch of salt1/2 tsp vanilla

Cook all ingredients, through salt at medium heat until it reaches a full boil. When pudding is cool, add the vanilla. Top with fresh fruit

-----------------------

Zucchini Casserole

4 medium unpeeled zucchini, sliced
1 cup carrots, shredded
1/4 cup onion, chopped
2 1/4 cups herbed croutons
1/2 cup mushroom gravy
1/2 cup Better than Sour Cream
1 - 2 tbsp olive oil

Cook zuchini and drain. Saute the carrots and onion in olive oil. Stir in 1 1/2 cup of herbed croutons, mushroom gravy, and sour cream. 
Stir in zucchini. Put in a casserole dish and Sprinkle the reamining croutons on top. Bake at 350 degrees for 30 - 40 minutes. Serves 4.

------------------------

Mushroom gravy

1/3 cup canned mushrooms, with juice
2 tbsp cornstarch
1 tbps vegetarian beef seasoning
3/4 tsp salt
2/3 cup raw cashews
2 cups water

Blend water and cashews until creamy. Add vegetarian beef seasoning, salt, and cornstarch and blend well.
Add mushrooms and blend briefly. Pour the gravy into a kettle and cook until thickened. Stir frequently.

------------------------

Lentil Roast

2 cup cooked lentils
1 cup chopped pecans
2 cup soymilk or any non-dair milk
1 onion, finely chopped
1 tsp salt
1 tsp sage
1 1/2 tsp garlic powder1 1/2 cup crushed corn flakes or whole grain cereal flakes

Mix all ingredients. Bake at 350 degrees for 60 minutes

------------------------

Sweet and Sour Vege-Burger Roast

1 medium onion chopped
6 slices of whole wheat bread - cubed
1 stick butter/margarine
1 box boca ground Burger
2 cups grated cheddar cheese
4 eggs
1 tsp garlic powder
1 tsp sage

Saute onion in butter/margarine. Combine all ingredients, mix well. Put into 9x13x2 baking pan.

Topping: 

1/2 cup ketchup
1/2 cup brown sugar
1/2 cup water

Mix until dissolved. Pour over top of roast. you may put it on at the start of baking, or 15 minutes before it is done.

Bake @ 350 degrees for 45 min - 1 hr

-------------------------

Spring Roll Bowl (35 minutes makes 2 bowls)

4 oz brown rice noodles
2/3 cup frozen edamame
1 cup fresh snow peas, halved
1/2 of a medium cucumber, cut into bite sized strips
1/2 cup coarsely shredded carrot
2 tbsp sliced radishes
1 recipe peanut sauce
Optional toppings: crushed peanuts, sliced thai or jalapeno chile peppers, sliced green onions, 
snipped fresh cilantro, and or lime wedges

1. Cook noodles according to package directions. Rinse well with cold water and drain. Cook edamame according to package directions
2. Divide noodels between two bowls and top with edamame, snow peas, cucumber, carrot, and radishes. Drizzle peanut sauce evenly over bowls. Add desired toppings

Peanut sauce

in a small bowl, whisk together 2 tbps natural creamy peanut butter, 1 tbsp each of lime juice, pure maple syrup, and snipped fresh cilantro, 1 tsp grated ginger, 1 clove garlic, 
minced, and if desired, 1/4 tsp crushed red pepper. Gradually stil in 2 tbsp water until sauce is the consistency of maple syrup. Season to taste with sea salt and fresh ground pepper.

-----------------------

Eggplant Parmesan

2 medim eggplants, peeled and cut into 1/3 inch thick slices
2 cups italian saesoned bread crumbs or panko
1/2 cup aioli or commercial soy mayonnaise
1/4 - 1/2 cup water
1 jar of your favorite marinara sauce
vegan parmesan cheese

Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Lightly coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray. Mix batter ingredients together 
in a small bowl and set aside. Place bread crumbs in a shallow dish. Dip eggplant into the batter, then into the breading. 
Place a breaded eggplant slice onto the baking sheet. Lightly spray the tops of the eggplant with cooking spray. Bake 15 minutes 
on each side or until browned and crispy. using a small baking casserole dish, cover the bottom of the dish with pasta sauce and then 
put down a layer of eggplant slices, cover with sauce and repeat until all the eggplant is used up. Top with remianing sauce and sprinkle 
on vegan parmesan cheese. Bake at 350 degrees for 30 - 45 minutes or until pasta sauce is bubbly.

----------------------

Potato Lover's Bowl (30 minutes, 2 bowls)

2 medium potatoes, cut into 1/2 inch wedges
2 cups small cauliflower florets
4 cups shredded kate, stems removed
1/2 cup shredded carrots
1 recipe Romesco sauce
1/4 cup thinly sliced green onions
1/4 cup cooked or canned garbanzo beans, rinsed and drained

1. Place potato wedges in a steamer basket in a large saucepan. Add water to saucepan to just below basket. Bring to a boil. 
Steam, covered 10 minutes or until tender. Transfer potatoes to a large nonstick skillet. Brown over medium 5 minutes per side.
2. Meanwhile, cook cauliflower in same steamer basket 3 to 5 minutes or until lightly cooked. Transfer cauliflower to the skillet. 
Brown as with the potatoes
3. Cook kale in same steamer basket 1 to 2 minutes or until lightly wilted.
4. Divide potatoes, cauliflower, kale, and carrots between 2 bowls. Drizzle Romesco sauce evenly over bowls. Sprinkle bowls with green onions and garbanzos.

Romesco sauce

In a blender, combine 1/2 cup garbanzo beans, 1/2 cup jarred roasted red sweet peper, 1 tbsp water, 1 1/2 tsp each of lemon juice and tahini, 1/2 tsp smoked paprika,
 1/4 tsp each minced fresh garlic and ground cumin, sea salt, and freshly ground black pepper to taste.

 ----------------------

 Cream of Fresh Vegetable Soup

 1 1/2 cup chopped fresh vegetables (peas, broccoli, asparagus)
 1 tbsp olive oil
 1/2 cup onion, chopped
 1/2 cup celery, diced
 1/4 cup carrot, shredded
 1 cup fresh vegetables, diced (I use about 3/4 cup asparagus, and make the other 1/4 cup with the other vegetables)
 4 cups water
 2/3 cup raw cashews
 2 tbsp chicken style seasoning
 1 tsp salt
 1/2 tsp onion powder
 1/4 tsp celery salt
 
Steam 1 1/2 cup of vegetables in a small amount of water until cooked. Place steamed vegetables in a blender and blend until smooth.
Put blended vegetables in a bowl. Pour olive oil in a kettle and saute onion, celery, and carrot. Then add 3 cups of water and bring to a slow boil. 
Add blended vegetables and 1 cup of diced fresh vegetables. Simmer for 5 minutes. Put cashews and 1 cup of water and seasonings in the blender and blend until smooth.
Slowly add to the soup and bring to a boil. Serves 4

------------------------

Minestrone Soup

Night before: Soak 1 cup dried kidney beans (I like red beans better) in water to cover. In the morning, cook beans until soft (1.5 hours).
Or if you forget to soak your beans, bring them to a boil, let sit for 5 mins, then cook until soft (2 hours). You may also use canned beans though 
this soup does not taste nearly as good if you use canned beans.

Scald in 3 tbsp of canola or olive oil:
1 large peeled diced potato
1 large peeled, coined carrot

Add: 1 small sliced onion - cook until soft
2 cloves garlic, minced

Add 8 cups of water with 8 envelopse of George Washington broth, the beans with juice and 1 can diced unseasoned tomatoes.

Season with:
1 tsp dried basil
1 pinch of oregano
1 pinch of parsely
Salt and pepper to taste

Simmer till vegetables are tender. At the end, add 1-2 handfuls of small pasta macaroni/shells, and 1 large or 2 small sliced zucchini, 1 cup of shredded cabbage, 
and simmer until the pasta is al dente. 

Serve with vegan parmesan cheese. Serves 8

------------------------

Cheater's chili

3/4 cup Bulgar
2 tbsp oil 
1 cup chopped onion
1 rib celery, diced
2 tbsp chili powder
2 tsp cumin
1 large clove garlic, minced
2 cans kidney beans, chili beans, or black beans
2 cans diced tomatoes

Brown bulgar in oil for a few minutes, then add onions and celery. Add 2 cups of water and simmer until celery is done. 
Add remaining ingredients and simmer for 30 minutes.

-------------------------

Butter Lettuce and Green Pea Salad (Serves 6, ready in 25 minutes)

1 cup fresh or frozen peas
1 medium head butterhead lettuce, torn into 1-2 inch pieces (6 cups)
2 medium tomatoes, cut into wedges
2 medium Persian cucumbers, thinly sliced
1 medium sweet pepper, cut into 1 inch strips
1/2 cup cilantro-cashew dressing
1 tbsp finely snipped fresh cilantro

1. Ina small saucepan, cook peas in a small amount of boiling water for 5 minutes or until tender, then drain. 
Rinse with cold water and drain again.
2. In a large bowl, combine lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, sweet pepper, and cooked peas. Pour cilantro-cashew 
dressing over lettuce mixture and toss to coat. Top with green onions and cilantro.

Cilantro Cashew dressing

1/2 cup raw cashews
1 cup fresh cilantro leaves
3 tbsp lemon juice
1/2 inch piece serrano pepper, seeded
3 cloves garlic
1 tsp hot sauce (optional)

Blend cashews and 3/4 cup water into a creamy texture. Add cilantro, lemon juice, Serrano pepper, garlic, hot sauce, 
and salt to taste. Blend until smooth. Taste and adjust seasoning.

-------------------------

Grilled Corn, Avocado, and Tomato Salad with Honey Lime dressing

1 pint grape tomatoes
1 ripe Avocado
2 ears of fresh corn
